Remove CocoaPods support (#84)
Automattic/Gridicons-iOS: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

> * Drop CocoaPods support. The framework is now distributed via Swift Package Manager only. Consumers still on CocoaPods should pin to the last Pod-published tag, `1.3.0-beta.1`.

Reviewer: The latest published version is `1.2.0` -- are we still going to publish `1.3.0-beta.1`?

Author: Good point, I think sticking with the latest published _and_ stable is better. Even if we'd ship `1.3.0-beta.1`, I wouldn't like to point folks to a beta as the last supported version.

Author: ```suggestion
* Drop CocoaPods support. The framework is now distributed via Swift Package Manager only. Consumers still on CocoaPods should pin to the last Pod-published tag, `1.2.0`.
```
